10/03/2022 - Test Case Recap

User story has a template:

As a type of user, I want to perform some action, so that I reach some goal.

As a user, I want to recover access to my account in case I forget my password.

As a user, I want to save posts I liked, so I can easily find them again.

As a user, I want to share my screen with teammates, so I can give a presentation.

As a user, I want to save posts I liked, so I can find them again

As a user, I should be allowed to save favorite items and be stored into collections.


As a user, I should be able to comment, so the other person can read the comment I left behind.

Requirements:

How should we solve this?
What should we expect to happen.


User story - US-1 Favorite button

AC: 

1. The favorite button should be easily accessible to the user.

2. The user should be able to choose the folder for the item.

3. The user should be able to create a new favorite folder.


We are not coming up with users stories, it is the responsibilities of the PO.

Gherkin Language:

	It's a set of special keywords to give structure and meaning to the specifications.

	*Given, When, And, Then.

	These keywords are Given, When, And, Then. They are based on scenarios of what's to come.

Going back to the favorite button using the Gherkin format.
	(Instagram)

	*Given (Pre-condition)
	Given that the user is on the homepage and they're logged in.

	Test data: Email or phone number.
	Ex) email: techglobal@gmail.com pw: Techglobal123!

	*When
	When a user clicks on the bookmark button.

	*Then
	Then "Save to Collections" will appear.

	*And
	And if user choose "Save to collections", application will allow user to save into their existing collection or new collection.

	We created one test case for this particular user story (Bookmark Button). This is one acceptance criteria.

	TEST CASE TC-1: Validate that user can contact us when filling out the information.

	Test Steps: 
	1. User clicks on "Contact Us".
	2. User fills out the necessary information.
	3. User clicks on "Submit" button.
	4. User should be presented with a confirmation message. "Thank you your information has been submitted."

	Test Data:
	2. First name = Abraham, Last name Kim, Email .., Phone, etc.

	Expected Output:
	1. System should redirect us to Contact Form.
	2. System should display all information entered by user.
	3. System redirect or new message to appear.
	4. System should display "Thank you your information has been submitted."










